Now, I'll undo the change.
I'll keep calling can accept here.
And I'll put the authorization checking in this method
here we can say return this dot
authorize accept
this answer
let's save and let's make sure everything is working fine.
OK
so far so good.
Now let's refactor our app dot js file by moving
the authorization logic into another place.
So let's go to assets
js folder
and create a new directory here I'm going to call authorization
now let's move the policies dot js
file into our authorization directory
here will get the error
but don't worry we'll fix shortly
after that let's create new file
I'm going to call it authorize
dot js
and we'll place the authorization logic inside here.
I'll switch to app.js
select the authorization logic
and paste here.
And here I'll make  a simple
vue js plug in like this export default
install vue options
and then move the authorize function inside here.
And here we don't need to import the vue js instance
because the view here this refers to vue in this argument
and here I also want to place the signed variable
in the vue js prototype so that it can be accessible
in all components.
Now we can go back to app.js and utilize our authorization plug in
Firstly let's import the authorize file
and then integrated with vue js by saying vue use authorization.
One last more thing.
Since we have defined the signed in in vue js
prototype so let's open favorite component
and then here we don't need this signed
in in this computed property anymore.
Save all changes
and let's see if everything working fine as we expect.
There is no error
OK great we have successfully rewritten
the authorization policy into javascript and it's really
working in vue js components. In the next lesson
and we are going to continue building our project
and rewrite the vote control into vue js component.
So let's commit all changes to our git repo and
then take a quick break and join me in the next
lesson.